Hello again.
So let's get an idea about do there is distribute you the results.
Skidder So what is difference.
DEAN We're distributing the resource scheduler.
The principal function of the dress is to automate resource allocation budget on C.P. and memory load.
So the dress has no relation about DCP and the memory load.
Staci that's mean you have for example in this example we had we have tree root we unable to Derrius
inside this tree root that exists in the same cluster because the configuration of the rest of the label
of the cluster.
So the rest track start off all those so root in the same cluster and check the location of the resource
into different tasks.
And when any of those Haast have an overloading in a few and and the memory like in this example I had
the server would have consumed about 100 percent of the city and the Memali That's me there is schul
take action and minimise the overload in this host by negating the virtual machine one of those video
DNS do its calculation Jannot which virtual machine should be migrated.
The one that will give a free space of the superior and the only from that host is the motion if you
remember that there is an illusion about the motion before into motion section.
We do it manually for them.
If we found this has to have an overloading on the CPO on the ramp we got to disappoint you the machine
would click on it which would be great and then send it to another house that have less loading but
no Deros while doing it automatically and take this virtual machine and chose Charles Dorise destination
or right.
That's when we get to do not vitrine the machine inside.
And of course if you see this right here you see that this has to have only 20 percent of resource use
it.
And this physical set would have about 14 percent of the resource use it and logically you say does
this one that have lots of free resources should guests.
This new virtual machine so automatically derrieres will take this virtual machine will use the Wii
motion to migrate it automatically and send it to the second.
That's have more free of the resouce.
Of course if you have another server that's have more features than this one.
He will decide to take it to that server.
And the same if something wrong happened to this house and have an overloading inside it.
It will take action and take one of those between machine and the revolution then migrated to the physical
server that had more free C.P and memory lock.
So this is the idea of the press.
See it's very simple.
It is the emotion.
It's more of do resource use it of the virtual machine from a host of overloading to another.
That's how more free resource.
And when I tell you that's the motion and not the emotion that's mean.
Miguel is only the head of the virtual machine if remembered to hate.
And nobody knows.
We might get is the hate of the vitriol machine does mean rain.
And do C.P. another kind of derrieres that we have.
It's got to do storage.
Did s just one I guess as the same as the motion and decide we're not going to be great.
The heyday of the virtual machine.
But we're going to degrade the body of the virtual machine.
That's me.
The virtual machine.
Winsted using the same resouce of the physical host but the storage that will have a different action
that's mean it will migrate the body from one to another slash.
So as the same idea we have for example some virtual machines that have the body inside this shed its
trash and that's why we need Atlas to us.
So to have the storage there is we need to have at least two shedded.
So if you have only one of those stores is it will not be available in your situation.
And of course the recommended is to have more than 2 4 6 10 10 or more storage that's mean more hide's
availability of the vitriol machine inside your environment.
So in any case one of those virtual machine or our division machines that exist in this datastore right.
This is a sheet it's a Lundvall in our example is our lunch number one start consuming do speed of do
the inputs output do read and write.
That's mean some virtual machine have hyped a lot of rhenium of the data from the disk.
Some of them have to hide.
Writing to me inputs and outputs like this because the heart but also have a our city and memory to
random process that everybody in Mushin ask for it.
Also if they have an over Claudian of the size for example the virtual machine can some more size of
the store.
So the free space in this shit storm has become less.
For example 10 or 20 percent of the freeze thaw has available in this case.
The press will take action and take one or two or three between the machine from this shit it's trash
and use the storage emotion to greeds the storage of this machine to another shared stories that have
more resources and have more space to host the new virtual machine.
So this is the idea we have the DNS that's have information about the city and the memory.
So it migrated to hate on the virtual machine from hosts that have overloading too has less law.
Then we have to start Deros that migrates the body of the virtual machine from a shared storage to another
shared storage but have more resouce.
So this is a different dress that we have in the gym where we sit.
So next we'll see some room that we can use it do depress and so large.
It soon to be.